Document that TargetFramework values are aliases that drive moniker properties (#53159)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/frameworks.md

}
```

### TargetFramework values are aliases

The `TargetFramework` property value (for example, `net10.0`) is a friendly name—an alias—that the .NET SDK translates into canonical moniker properties. Specifically, the SDK sets the following properties from the `TargetFramework` value:

- `TargetFrameworkMoniker` (for example, `.NETCoreApp,Version=v10.0`)
- `TargetFrameworkIdentifier` (for example, `.NETCoreApp`)
- `TargetFrameworkVersion` (for example, `v10.0`)

> - `TargetPlatformMoniker`, `TargetPlatformIdentifier`, and `TargetPlatformVersion` (when targeting a specific operating system)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TargetPlatformMoniker`, `TargetPlatformIdentifier`, and `TargetPlatformVersion` (when targeting a specific platform)
- ```

NuGet and the .NET SDK use these moniker properties—not the `TargetFramework` string—for package compatibility checks and build logic. This translation already happens for OS-specific TFMs. For example, `net10.0-windows` translates to `TargetFrameworkMoniker` = `.NETCoreApp,Version=v10.0` and `TargetPlatformMoniker` = `Windows,Version=7.0`.

> Because the alias is just a name, the `TargetFramework` value can be any string, as long as the corresponding moniker properties are set correctly. The following project file uses a custom alias named `banana` and explicitly sets the moniker properties so that the project builds and restores for .NET 10.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the alias is just a name, the `TargetFramework` value can be any alpha numeric string, as long as the corresponding moniker properties are set correctly. The following project file uses a custom alias named `banana` and explicitly sets the moniker properties so that the project builds and restores for .NET 10.0:
```

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">
  <PropertyGroup>
    <TargetFramework>banana</TargetFramework>
  </PropertyGroup>

  <PropertyGroup Condition=" '$(TargetFramework)' == 'banana' ">
    <TargetFrameworkIdentifier>.NETCoreApp</TargetFrameworkIdentifier>
    <TargetFrameworkVersion>v10.0</TargetFrameworkVersion>
    <TargetFrameworkMoniker>.NETCoreApp,Version=v10.0</TargetFrameworkMoniker>
  </PropertyGroup>
</Project>
```

For more information about these properties, see the [TargetFramework](../core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#targetframework) MSBuild property reference.

> ### Multi-targeting with duplicate frameworks

Reviewer: @copilot We don't need this subsection.
